yeah I think it would be great if the
patches slowed down a little more so
that you have more time to like not only
focus on other areas and like be a more
healthy and individual but you can also
just get better at what you're good at
well it is the fourth week I think it's
the fourth it is the fourth week of na
LCS rift rivals throwing me off arrival
threw me off it's like the fifth week
I've been at the studio for summer but
there was an event last week that
doesn't count technically it's okay real
fans would know but you're a fan of EU
LCS now yeah I like winners
I know oh that made me it was disgusting
to say that this whole interview brought
to you by Omni / by the way I'm joined
by darshan talk a little bit about his
crazy game just two against two knee so
first off it was really interesting cuz
I was driving in and listening to the
countdown which is the show that they do
beforehand and they were talking about
how who knee who has such like a
dominant record in the na LCS you
actually have a pretty good record
against him and it was funny because
then you went forward and spanked him
across that match so first off what what
was the calculation going up against who
knee and like it was the Darius pick
like an intentional pick against him in
particular what was going on there I
personally feel like who knee isn't
playing very well right now to like his
like former strength I think like at his
best he's a player who likes to play
very aggressive and play with his
jungler and I feel like over time that's
gotten a lot worse but I also feel like
it's very easy to play against him
because he kind of has like a one-track
mind playing in some in like one play
style and he constantly overextends and
if you look at her game we just caught
him out so many times so I personally
feel like it's pretty easy to play
against hooni as opposed to other top
laners and then on top of that his
mechanics have gotten worse so I kind of
see him as like just another na LCS top
laner so based on all the conversations
I had with EU LCS pros last week they
would say of course his mechanics have
gotten worse he plays in North America
60 ping all this amazing food that was
one thing they said by the way they also
said girls like that this seems to be an
assumption that like players that come
here will get worse because of the
environment I'm very curious what your
take is on that I can definitely see why
pee
we'll feel that way and I think it's
really easy to blame it on the
environment but I'm personally always
someone who kind of looks at like the
person can push themselves to do more
and in terms were just like champions
skill mechanical ability there's only so
much you can do on a champion I think if
you objectively look at oh what are the
mechanical plays you can do with
gangplank right you can just figure
those out and then practice those even
in practice tool you don't need I mean I
would I would love a ping honestly like
that's something that I want to get for
the players but I definitely feel like
there's a lot of ways you can practice
around that and blaming blaming
everything on the culture I don't think
is a very good excuse you say you want
to get so is the Players Association
strong enough to move the Chicago
servers to Los Angeles could we do that
who knows currently in the process of
figuring out what we can do and
hopefully I mean that's what the Players
Association is for right like trying to
do things to actually help players can
we help in this situation
I'm gonna do everything I can I can't
say for sure so definitely don't quote
this interview but we're trying to do
what we can I quote this interview
because it's my interview that's what I
do right yeah so Travis is gonna take
this line and then put it on put on the
headline for reddit so it gets the front
page goodness so yeah don't take it too
out of context you everyone reading read
it I mean they probably will huh yes I
need I need the up folks no I'm just
kidding but I I mean it the reason I
would do it is because it things I feel
like this conversation is back after
like a two or three year hiatus like I
remember when all this happened this
conversation about like oh this
tournament realm and like players can't
stream from it and like it's it's weird
and so it's it's funny that like the
years later we're back to this
conversation and I actually think it's
interesting because before it felt like
players didn't really have a voice in
that conversation but now maybe put the
players association can can raise that
concern with riot yeah exactly I want
the Players Association to actually be a
body like organization that can do
something as opposed to just oh it's the
Players Association great like what are
you actually gonna do right so I'm
really hoping we can make some actual
change happen there and we'll see so one
of the things I remember is yes there's
a streaming situation where people want
to be able to string a stream on the
realm but I've also it also kind of felt
like it it was
hard to organize the players to use that
service like I understand that they can
play on the tournament realm but they're
a lot what I had heard was that players
were just like not great at like all
going there and playing on it is that
something that the Players Association
maybe can help Corral because obviously
there's a conversation with riot but
then there's a conversation to get like
all the players bought in on this idea
right yeah I think that's something that
I would I would look to do is just like
organize everything and kind of like
hold everyone accountable to being there
on time and doing it properly starting
out but I do agree that like you know
everyone wants that convenience of oh I
can just hit the play button I don't
have to stress about anything like I
don't have to like sacrifice time just
sitting around waiting for everyone to
be ready so it's gonna be kind of hard
to make it work but I think that's just
another aspect we have to look into and
kind of fix here's an idea so I know
that a lot of teams triple block what if
what do you think of the idea of like
okay we do every day we do two scrim
sets and then afterwards like the server
is open for like several hours where
everybody can play whatever regular
games to like practice their mechanics
and figure stuff out I think that could
be a good way for it to work I think
like if there wasn't third box but I
think teams are pretty set like we've in
third block a few times a week so I
think teams might prefer that over solo
queue so maybe if we go switch to it's
like oh it's gonna be a lot of pros
doing this then maybe it's something
that we can get more interested in but
yeah I'm I'm really like just in the
beginning stages of like talking about
this with Hall and not much has been
figured out yet it's a process I'm sure
the other interesting conversation that
came up this week was the doublelift
video about patching and all that did
you get a chance to catch that uh yeah I
think yeah I think I watched that yeah
so yes we're talking about your video
it was great I do they all it does
Exmouth II have to salute you every time
yeah he's trying
he calls you as president every time
yeah everyone started calling me mr.
president
you know it just became the new meme on
the block but I'm kind of happy because
the old meme was like they even as
teachers one so it's like the new
one's kind of better you know you kind
of get old of the like the same old meme
time and time again and mr. president is
more respectable than talking about you
as a student of course you know I'm
getting older I got facial hair now so
um alright so but what do you think of
the concept of like the game gets past
you frequently and sort of that that
whole conversation that he's he's
bringing up with that I mean I kind of
do agree because I mean we have like s
fat and qpu like Super Smash Bros Bros
and I feel like they don't have to
dedicate nearly as much time to
practicing and mastering the game it's
more so just about like making sure
they're like they have a healthy body
and a healthy mind like they have more
time for things like that because the
game doesn't get patched every two weeks
and then oh no it's like you have to
learn there's 140 champions in the game
of course - right so there's so much to
constantly learn and the advantage
there's more advantage to just spending
more time grinding the game because of
the fact that it's constantly changing
and I do think that it would be a lot
better for pros like looking at it from
a pro spirit perspective specifically I
think it would be great if the patches
slowed down a little more so that you
have more time to like not only focus on
other areas and like be a more healthy
and individual but you can also just get
better at what you get at you know like
all of a sudden I'm I'm I just started
playing darius darius wasn't even what
people were playing like two months ago
the meta is like already changed like
two or three times in this split alone
and it's week four so I do think it's
crazy how many champions you have to
learn like I love playing different
champions don't get me wrong but I do
think that there will still be that
variety if you know the patches slowed
down a little bit so I kind of agree
with that sentiment that it'd be better
for pros that the game's slowed down a
little bit more very good anything you
want to say to any other fans out there
I want to say thank you guys for the
support and what what do you get for
like the patreon like what level do I
have to get for like the top tier Travis
I send the I send the Polaroids out at
$100 oh yeah get get that top tier
Travis Polaroid a subscription I think
that's what I'll be doing after the
games today let's assume that the
comments are in the description of the
video if you want thank you make sure
you hit that subscribe button
Travis
he really loves helping out eSports he
had some great memes in here but he also
got some meaningful thoughtful
discussion for you guys to talk about so
I really appreciate having Travis around
and I think if you guys do too you
should hit that subscribe button cuz
this is how he survives this is this is
how you got elected president because
you're able to chill out for other
people I see if Travis doesn't get at
least 10 more subscribers after watching
this video I'm gonna be pretty
disappointing you guys could check out
the rest of my coverage of all things
eSports right here at my youtube channel
thanks so much to Omni slash for the
support I want to talk to you guys a
little bit about something personal a
personal event that happened in my life
recently a lot of you might know that I
moved out of my old places into a new
place and that's because my family has
expanded that's right I am actually
supporting someone else now and so you
know that we know when Omni slash
supports this when you hit up my twitch
town with a twitch Prime when you
subscribe to this and that car drives by
that all that stuff is going to
supporting not just me but also Coby who
lives with me now
you know you've all heard the rumors
about castor pay I gotta take care of
him he expects me to pay all the rent to
feed him to basically do everything you
just sort of plays video games and then
I just have to do everything else you
doing so your support helps me take care
of my family my family being Coby